docs: Add FAQ section about sync problems (#1173)
Flank/flank: README.md

3)  > Test run failed to complete. Expected 786 tests, received 660

    Try setting `use-orchestrator: false`. Parameterized tests [are not compatible with orchestrator](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48735268/unable-to-run-parameterized-tests-with-android-test-orchestrator). Flank uses [orchestrator by default on Android.](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/junit-runner)
    

> 4) > I got issue when making Gradle sync of Flank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4) > I have an issue when attempting to sync the Flank Gradle project
```
